## Reflection for Pouya Pourhaj - Major Project:
Our major project started out before the Grid Based Game where we decided to make a game based on our movie "La Redemption".  One of the difficulties that I encountered was with my macbook air.  It did not was not powerfull enough to run the full scope of some of the code that I was trying out.  It would not show the exact errors I was making but instead it would just say that there was an error at script line 0 (p5 js).  The other issue I faced while working with my macbook air was with github and my VS code since I could not get it to work as well as it does on other windows computers.  I have found ways to fix the issues that I was facing but it was initially that it really stopped me from where I wanted to go.  This is was one of the few technical issues I was facing while working at home on the major project and the grid based game.

The programming issues I was having was first with the platformer that I was making.  The first was that I could not get any of the collision to work between the AI, the player, and all of the blocks around the whole map which means that I could not get anything to work the way I wanted it to.  The one thing I managed to do properly was the gravity that was on all of the sprites in the screen, however, I still could not get it to stop flying of the screen while spamming the jump button.  The other thing I could not get right was getting the AI right since there was nothing I could necessarily do with them, I did not want a fighting game so they could not really fit into it.  The other issue I wasn facing was with the animations of the sprites which I could not get them to move properly the way I wanted them to.  I decided to abandon the platformer mini game and decided to work on another project.  The other programming error I had was with the Blaviken Lair Game.  The two problems I was having with this one was that because of my technical issue I could not see any of the coding errors I was making therefore I had a huge amount of code for which I could not see the mistakes that I was making.  The actual programming trouble with the Blaviken Lair game was that I could not get the collision working with the booby traps laid over the map since the program could not keep a track of their coordinates and the circle to circle collision was not working for me.  I decided to hand in what I had until my partner Jienan Chen fixed the game and now it is working perfectly okay.

There is a few things that I have wished was different for this game and that is that I would have like to plan what I wanted better since I always changed everything that I wanted to do.  The other thing I wished had gone differently is that I should not have used my Macbook or at least got it working properly the first day.  I think that it is very important to know what mistakes you are making in your code instead of just getting Script erro line 0.  The last thing I wished I could have more of is time.  I wished that there was a way we got to know everything we needed to know in order to start working on this from the beginning of the semester or even more time all around.
